but look here is the seal of the
Ministry of Health and here, notice
importantly, the seals of the Health
Alerts and Emergencies Coordination Center
update March 6, 2020
update we want to say that the
report was presumably previous and that what you are
going to see was what was
updated that Friday,
March 6, you are going to see more things look at the
following who signs it among other
people this whole series of vectors of
doctors and among others who the director
of the Health Alerts and Emergencies Coordination Center
Fernando Simón
Doctor Simón as you know is that
every day since the
end of January to give an account of how
the coronavirus is evolving in our country
and what else what he says
attention among other things how
the virus can be contracted and I quote verbatim the
route of transmission between humans is
considered similar to that described by other
coronaviruses through the secretions
of infected people eye
mainly by direct contact with
respiratory droplets of more than 5 microns and
here comes the important thing capable of being
transmitted over distances of up to  2
meters that is to say half a meter to one meter
and up to two meters that is to say
contagious we had the example of China we
had the example of our neighbors
in Italy going through hell but they
preferred to risk the lives of all
Spaniards so that
feminism was happy it makes me very
sad what
feminism has currently become because
feminism here in Spain has
become part of the
political campaign of some parties we have a
big date and we all have to go out,
all the colleagues and you the woman
who is playing idol to the
demonstration of the issues that I would tell you
that your life is at stake celebrating this is much
more than facing the virus therefore I am
going to you to go to the
demonstration but whoever says
otherwise tries to justify that these
feminist demonstrations did not cause
the opponents to shoot up it
seems to me a complete insult to
intelligence before you go and
argue with me that on March 8th
other events took place such as
concerts celebrations soccer matches
crowds in the
subway stations buses in the airports my
balls swell tremendously every time I
see this argument every  every time I
hear the arguments my balls get
irritated but still
at a level that it has rarely done
if all those events took place it is
because the government did not take measures before
that day because they did not take measures
because by force they wanted the
feminist demonstration of 8m to take
place it is very simple the
soccer matches the crowds and all the
things that happened on March 8th the
Vistalegre rally everything that is argued so much
and to take away weight from the
8m demonstration would not have taken
place if the government had prohibited
all the crowds because they did not
prohibit them because they did not want to prohibit the
demonstrations of 8m is that I know it
is very easy to me it seems to me as an insult
to intelligence to say that
the opponents did not shoot at the demonstrations as to
say that the
demonstration is not important
because other other crowds took place
really it seems to me
that the one who is using that
argument is burning that
anyone had the responsibility they had
the information they had the power and they did
not cancel anything they did not suspend anything
so that by force those
demonstrations would take place do not go that they would lose
the feminist votes because hey, they
could call it that
or something like that, yes, during the
demonstrations nothing was done
other than complain about machismo, rather than
downplaying
the pandemic, everything was full of
banners saying that well,
machismo kills much more than the
coronavirus, I would like to read those
banners, now what a coincidence that many
began to see the danger and started
with weapons on the afternoon and evening of
March 8th, damn what a coincidence, just as I
just said a few minutes ago that it
seemed like an insult to intelligence to
defend that the demonstrations did not
fire on the opponents, I also
tell you that it seems like an insult to
intelligence not to admit that the government did
not take measures before solely and
exclusively because of the
feminist demonstrations, I think it is quite
obvious and in any case, I tell you on a
personal level that comparing any
event that took place on March 8th
with this seems shameless to me
and it seems like a complete joke because there is
no color while the party
of spots for three weeks now, in
mid-February, have been asking for the
closure of all borders to all
those people coming from China
or from  Italy the progressives were
calling him racist for a change and
your deputies and colleagues were downplaying
the issue regardless of the fact that we
must also contribute we
join in not to provoke a
situation of unnecessary alarm in the face of
a virus that is more like the flu
than Ebola and perhaps there are consumers
who due to certain messages and
certain false information that
is transcending or may have the
notion that this is a virus with a
very high mortality rate therefore
we believe that the
right thing is being done by the government and the
autonomous communities at the level of
political decisions there Pedro who
has seen you and who sees you listen to what
you yourself said a few years ago
Mr. Rajoy has to explain first of all
why it took him almost a week to
react after the appearance of a case
of Ebola virus infection
Mr. Rajoy has to explain to the
citizens why he has delayed for so
long the creation of the crisis committee
at the interministerial level of the
scientific committee Mr. Rajoy also has to
explain to us why his government
remained impassive in the face of the
dismantling the
only  the reference hospital that
we have in Spain to deal with
this type of virus could dedicate half an
hour of video to extract tweets from
progressive people, both the minds of Twitter
and journalism as celebrities, this
problem that used as an argument
that the virus was not that serious, that the
virus was a simple flu and that it would barely
affect us because our
public health system, SCT, is the best there is in the world,
but now that there are thousands of deaths, they
have completely changed their speech to
say that public health is in
[ __ ] because of the cuts by the PP
when this is totally false and also
blame the right for the cuts in
health care that have not existed for
years, in 2015, the spending on
health care that existed before the crisis was reached and
in the latest budgets,
more money has been dedicated to health care than ever before in
history, therefore it is a
lie, false, do not believe a single
word they say when they try to blame someone
else for their negligence, you have to
have it
very hard, you have to have it like
concrete, to have put March 9
as the start date of the disaster in the
request for help to the other, I do not think that
we are going to regret not having
suspended March 8th and the fallas in
view of what is happening in
Italy with 10 and 17 provinces
closed right now and many other
places I think no one doubts that the
management that the experts are doing
to make each decision minute by minute
is being the appropriate one to the one that best and
can best protect the health of all
citizens now I am going to
tell a very funny story that
happened yesterday on twitter well on twitter and
in some media you are going to
love it I am going to amuse you a lot it
turns out that out of nowhere absolutely out of
nowhere appears on twitter the account of
a supposed revelation journalist who
apparently is in the dick you know the typical
account that nobody knows but
suddenly goes from having zero
followers to almost 20,000 in 45 days
suddenly all the
leftist characters such as for example
pelosi or antonio maestre did not stop
promoting this account sharing
everything they tweeted as if he were the
[ __ ] master of information a person
that nobody is supposed to know  who
searches his name on google
and there's absolutely nothing,
absolutely nothing appears about this man, it would be
natural to think and a person who gains
so few followers on a social network
just after opening the account is
because he was already known in other areas
before but no, there is nothing,
absolutely nothing about this man on
google other than an article that
coincidentally the newspaper la marea which
was a newspaper pod half we give
this character to write an
article to whitewash the 8m look wherever he is he is a
fantastic journalist they
publish articles downplaying the
matter and wanting to disassociate the 8 from
Pedro contrary and look where he
Pablo Echenique says that this article
is impossible to refute which we are going to
see next we must take the
8m out of the equations and start thinking
about the real reasons why
this crisis is hitting all over the
West as it is becoming clear that yes
man we must take the 8m out of the
equation worth the 8 shameful had nothing to
do with the necessary article that
supports what I said days ago this
girl this Spanish television journalist
every time there is some
feminist nonsense or whatever  nonsense always
appears my favor to catch the disease
was in the subway, on the train, on
planes or in the class of the
universities that I stepped on those days of course
because I imagine na that all the
women and all the men who
came to these demonstrations
throughout the country went in the flying cloud
of kutxa software I think they did not go
in buses or subways I do not know if they
moved in the flying cloud of son goku
or he teleports whatever you
want that is in the article so
irrefutable according to these people who
argue that March 8 had no
consequences against the pandemic what they
use are some graphs in which
precisely the day that
all these infections
produced by the 8 dm should supposedly appear, in the
graph it goes down when it
should supposedly go up if the sides
had shot up from March 8 10
this is very relative because we cannot know the days
exactly because
the symptoms can appear 5 to 14
days after infection and then for you to
do the 6 to give you the
test result it can take from 0
to 5 days  also be this is super
relative the graph
right on this day and I'm going to leave you in the
description a video of the Minister of
Health where he says that from this
day on is when the whole point is all the
chaos that they can't cope anymore and they stop
doing the tests that's why there is
less contagion because they are doing
tests because they don't have enough because they ca
n't cope anyway I want to
explain one thing to see if you understand me
let's imagine that it were true that on the 8th there had
not been a multitude of the
number of infections let's imagine that it were
true the fact that there have
been no contrary does not mean that
people have not been exposed to
them that is to say imagined that I encouraged the
entire country to go to a
demonstration and concentrated
everyone in a square on the same day
the moment has come I eat in that
square and I throw a grenade in the middle of
the square but it turns out that there are no
injured that there are lucky that there
are no injured that exempts me from the
danger that I have put all
citizens in no the responsibility remains the
same the rest of the article
appeals  to the same argument as before that
inflates my balls so much that there were a
greater number of people spread out in
the rest of the events, shows and
crowds throughout the country on the same
day and this is what I have been telling you
a [ __ ] insult to intelligence to
think that on the 8th of the month our infections shot up
by one point an insult to
intelligence and in two ways it remains the
same as the rest of the events that took place
that same day the rest of the crowds
that took place that same day would not have taken
place if the government had
taken the measures that it should have
taken days before but did not take them so as
not to cancel the demonstration and be very
careful I have nothing against this
demonstration I can more or less
agree with these ideas with these
ideals and with this policy what
I am against is that
people have been put in danger if we are facing
a pandemic and they have been warning us from
other countries even the or ms even the
European Union we even have
neighboring countries where thousands of people have died
I think that demonstration
could have been postponed just as
many events are going to be postponed such as
the Seville fair looking a little in
Google we found these pages
where what a coincidence you can create
faces you can generate
and it turns out that the face of this
supposed journalist is still in La Cambra it
was created with this face generator
and for only a dollar you can create
your own journalist what a [ __ ] shame
after the fact the supposed journalist's account
first disappears from the
networks deactivate the twitter account
in the face of such shame and hours
later it reappears but they add in
the footer of the article that Mikel La Cambra
is a pseudonym and that a person who
wants to remain anonymous
justification that they do not do this under
any circumstances because when they have a
pseudonym do not
create a false profile for them as for example they did on LinkedIn you know that one of the things that must be done to prevent COVID-19 is to wash your hands and exactly what the Minister of Equality of Podemos Irene Montero has done of course she did it in a program on Lasexta we did what
the authorities told us washing our
hands completely and
blaming others we did not do what
the authorities told us of course yes from
Monteros of course because the notices of  the or
ms for nonsense that the European Union
advised against allowing crowds six
days before the 8m to avoid
transmitting the virus for whom is it
nonsense what is worth are the experts
who aires de montero that I hope that of
names recommended that
nothing would happen by holding these demonstrations and
well that's all for today's video gentlemen I
wanted to tell you it is sewn up because
I am quite pissed off I am quite
indignant there are many people who are having a
bad time there are many people who are in
danger there are many people who are
dying not only is there this one who is
dying but also in a
very sad way in which one cannot
even say the last goodbye to their
relatives they cannot even
say goodbye or give the last
handshake to their loved ones and this
situation seems shameful to me here's what
the gentlemen do until the next video